(footsteps thudding)
(soft music)
(Alise chuckles)
- Well, well, looks like you two
were really going
at it yet again.
So?
Was it Kaguya who got
under your skin this time?
- I just cannot accept it.
Even if we were to assume that
what Kaguya says is correct,
acting like sacrifices are a
foregone conclusion is wrong.
(Alise chuckles)
(Alise laughs)
- Huh?
Ah.
- Don't let it get to you, okay?
(Ryu sighs)
- All right, Alise,
what's your take on it?
- I am partial to your
way of thinking, Lion.
Making sure everyone survives.
What could be a happier ending
than that?
- Huh?
- However, not sure it's a
possibility.
- [Ryu] Huh?
- I mean, not everything
will work out
just because you're
chasing after an ideal.
Even I agree with that.
Honestly, there's no right
answer.
What matters is how much effort
you've put into
achieving your dreams.
And then, after you ultimately
fall short of your ideals,
what you've managed
to leave behind.
(Alise chuckles)
Even a person as
forthright, virtuous, wise,
and perfect as I am can't
argue with that fact.
You get it now?
That's just how things are.
- Ah?
- Even with that being said,
ideals are important
to have and uphold,
because if we didn't
strive for them,
we would end up obtaining less
from the compromises we make.
So that can at least be your
reasoning.
A purpose, anyway.
- All right, but what if someone
makes their ideals reality?
- Oh, you know that already.
There's a special name for them.
We call people who
do that heroes.
(Opening Song)
(dark ominous music)
(Haruhime grunts)
(Voltimeria growls)
(Rido grunts)
(monsters growling)
(bones cracking)
(Troll growls)
(Rido grunts)
- I don't understand
what's happening.
- [Wiene] Haruhime.
- Ah!
- We came to rescue you!
- Lady Wiene, is that you?
- [Wiene] Yep!
(Haruhime sobs)
I've missed you, Haruhime.
- [Haruhime] Same here!
Of course!
- Guess what?
I didn't cry at all.
I held it in this whole time
because I didn't want
you guys to worry.
(Haruhime sobs)
But now I can't
even help myself.
(Voltimeria growling)
(Laura yells)
(Let yells)
(footsteps thudding)
(Helga growls)
(fire crackling)
(sword swooshing)
(Welf panting)
- You guys...
(footsteps thudding)
- Heh.
(monsters growling)
- I remember that beast.
It was the one we saw on
Daedalus Street.
- Can someone explain this?
- Well, I'm just guessing,
but I can only assume there
are irregulars down here.
Aberations. Beasts that
have mutated over time.
- Uh...
(footsteps thudding)
- What the meow?
This is all throwing
me fur a loop guys!
(sword clanking)
(monster part thudding)
- It's Lady Tsubaki!
You know what that means?
Goddess Hestia
sent us some help!
- At least we managed to
find Bell Cranel's friends.
- I'm so purrplexed why
these monsters are fighting.
(Lili panting)
- We need help
defeating the monsters
that aren't armed.
Please and thanks.
- Huh?
Guess it's no
time to be confused.
Tell us what to do and
we'll give you some support.
(all grunting)
(Voltimeria roars)
(Anya shouts)
(Chloe grunts)
(Lunor yells)
(ground crashing)
- Oh man.
(Welf laughs)
(Voltimeria screeching)
(Welf shrieks)
- There you go, Welfy.
- Hey, Tsubaki! What
are you doing down here?
- Ah, a magic sword.
(tense dramatic music)
Ah...
(Tsubaki laughing)
Well, I'll be damned, you
cocky little green horn.
I can tell you were going for
something special with that
which is funny because
you have no idea
how sublime blades forged
by true masters can be.
It's honestly offensive.
But I gotta admit.
I kinda love it.
So congratulations,
Mister Welf Crozzo.
And welcome to hell.
- Hey, glad to be here.
- I'm in a good mood.
I'll take care of the
rest of them for ya.
- Wait, Tsubaki!
Those monsters are-
- Yeah, I know!
They're about to be dead!
(sword clanking)
(Rido grunting)
- [Marie] Rido!
- Hm?
- Marie!
(footsteps thudding)
What are you doing out here?
- It's Bell! He needs us!
- Huh?
- He fell!
And went down even lower!
- My man Bell?
Wait a second, Marie.
You actually saw Bell?
- Mm-hmm!
(Rido roaring)
- Huh?
(monsters roaring)
(monsters shouting)
(swords clinking)
- Ah.
(footsteps thudding)
(monsters shouting)
(Marie grunts)
(water splashing)
- What's their purroblem?
There are still monsters
left to take out!
(Chloe grunts)
- Oh fur crying out loud!
I can't make heads
or tails of anything.
- What'd Master Rido say?
- Mr. Bell and an Elf
companion were being attacked.
It was by a monster.
And then both of them were
taken somewhere down below.
(Lili gasps)
And it gets worse.
They were also being chased
by an even larger beast.
- Do you know what
floor Master Bell's on?
- Afraid not.
However, they might have gone
as far down as the Deep Floors.
At least Master
Uranus suspects so.
- The Deep Floors...
- One last thing.
Rido has a message.
"Lily, join us if you want.
We'll carve you a path."
- Ah!
(Anya yells)
(Anya sighs)
- All those monsters
are hisstory.
- [Lili] Anya!
- Can I help mew?
- What level are you right now?
- Uh, why is that of any
importance, huh?
Where is Ryu?
- Look, listen up.
(Anya grunts)
Just answer the damn question!
- [Anya] Oh fur the love of...
I'm level four, meokay?
- What about Lady Chloe
and Lady Lunor?
- Oh, whatever!
We're all the exact same level,
jeez!
- All level four, huh?
Everybody!
We're leaving the Water
Capital and forging on ahead!
It's highly likely that both
Master Bell and Lady Ryu
were dragged down
to a lower floor.
So we're going to re-form
our party with everyone here
and then head for
the safety point below.
Then we'll set out to rescue
Master Bell from there!
- Now hold on a minute!
There's no proof Rabbit
Foot was dragged anywhere!
Or even that he's still alive!
- No objections will
be heard, period!
- Huh?
You pulled that plan
out of your ass!
There's no way
it's going to work.
- Odds of success don't matter!
We must do this.
- Ah...
- This is kitten pretty
confusing, but...
If you're so sure that
Ryu is on a lower floor,
then we're obviously
gonna go with mew!
- Hold on, I heard the dungeon
is supposed to get harder
the deeper we go, right?
I'm tired enough as it is.
- It's not worth coopurrating
if we don't get some
kind of bonus out of it.
(Tsubaki laughing)
- Ah, why not?
We're all in the same boat!
(Bors grunts)
- There's no way in hell
I'm tagging along with you.
(Bors groans)
- Just where do you think
you're going, you coward?
We're gonna work your ass off
until you're too
exhausted to move.
- Ugh! Gimme a friggin' break!
- Those monsters with weapons,
I get the feeling they
were here to save us.
- I have no clue
what's going on.
You better have a good
explanation, blacksmith.
- Might be tough.
Not sure I know how to explain
this very well myself.
- Ugh.
- Hm.
Come on, Daphne. Let's go.
(Daphne grunts)
- Oh, whatever.
Dammit I'm going!
It wouldn't make sense to
give up at this point anyway.
- Come on, Haruhime. We gotta
save Bell.
- As you say, Lady Wiene!
(dramatic music)
- Let's move!
(Loup Garou growling)
(Bell grunts)
(Bell grunting)
(Loup Garou growling)
(Bell shouting)
(tense music)
(Loup Garou thudding)
(Bell grunts)
- [Ryu] After everything
we've been through,
he still keeps going.
He's improving little by little.
(monster part squelching)
No...
By leaps and bounds.
- [Bell] Miss Ryu gave
me a lot of good advice.
Use the surroundings
to my advantage.
Keep my right arm steady.
Pay attention to the
enemy's movements
(Loup Garou growling)
and predict them.
(Bell grunting)
(sword clinking)
Miss Ais once told me,
"Landing the final blow
is just a step away
from one's own demise."
(Loup Garou roaring)
(Bell grunting)
(Bell yelling)
- [Ryu] He can see
right through them.
- [Bell] While I'm weak,
I bait the monsters
into trying to land their final
strike, then take 'em out.
The advice I got from
Miss Ryu and Miss Ais
are directly connected.
(Loup Garou growling)
- He knows that death awaits
unless he gets stronger.
Is it the extreme pressure
of being in the Deep Floors
that's actually pushing
him to new heights?
(Lizardmen growling)
Ah!
- You doing okay?
- Stay focused on the
enemy in front of you.
Getting distracted will
cost you your life.
- Right!
(Lizardmen hissing and growling)
(light music)
- I cannot afford to
be a hindrance to him.
I'll also have to fight.
(Bell yelling)
(Loup Garou growling)
(uplifting music)
(Lizardmen growling)
(sword clinking)
(Ryu grunts)
Kaguya, I'm borrowing one of
your moves.
(sword clinking)
I'm sure that Kaguya would
laugh if she saw me now.
But I'll do whatever it
takes to buy more time.
Just long enough for Mr.
Cranel to finish up his fight!
(Ryu grunts)
(wall crashing)
(Barbarian growling)
A Barbarian!
(Barbarian roaring)
(spirited pulsating music)
(ground crashing)
(Ryu groaning)
(wall crashing)
Ah.
(Barbarian growling)
(Ryu thudding and groaning)
(sword clinks)
(footsteps thudding)
(Ryu grunting)
(Barbarian growling)
(Bell yells)
(Bell grunting)
(Ryu gasps)
(Bell yelling)
(Lizardmen growling)
(Bell grunts)
(Barbarian roaring)
(Bell grunting)
(Barbarian growling)
(Bell grunts)
(Bell panting)
(sword whooshes)
(Barbarians groaning)
(Lizardmen screeching)
(monsters thudding)
(tense dramatic music)
Above you!
(Lizardman roaring)
(sword clanking)
I think we should rest for now.
(Bell sighs)
- [Bell] Juggernaut?
So that's the name
of that monster?
- Yes. That's what
I heard anyway.
Although I didn't learn that
until everything was over.
It was shortly after
Syr had saved my life.
All of a sudden,
this mysterious
figure spoke to me.
I believe it was a mage.
- [Bell] I'm guessing
that was Mr. Fels.
(rain pattering)
(somber music)
- Gale Wind.
- Huh?
- [Fels] All information
related to the Juggernaut
must be kept strictly
confidential.
Follow these terms and we are
willing to leave you alone.
Out of respect for your
praiseworthy service
as a member of the
Astraea Familia,
you shall not be held
accountable.
(rain pattering)
- Assuming that mage was part
of the Guild's private army,
it means that the Guild
was at least aware
of that monster's existence.
That's safe to assume.
- The Juggernaut, huh?
Okay, so, uh, can you
tell me what happened?
With you and the Juggernaut?
- Mr. Cranel.
We have company.
(Bell grunts)
(Skull Sheep growling)
(slow tense music)
(Bell sighs)
(ground crashing)
(sinister dramatic music)
(footsteps thudding)
(Juggernaut roaring)
(ground crashing)
(dramatic suspenseful music)
- Ah!
(Spartoi clanking)
You hear that?
Over there.
- [Ryu] Behind us, too.
(Spartoi growling)
(both grunting)
(Bell grunting)
(sword clinking)
(Ryu grunting)
- We can't even aim
for their magic stones
when they're totally on
the defensive like this!
(monsters growling)
(dramatic suspenseful music)
- We need to find a way
to break through these guys and
escape
or we'll be overwhelmed.
A Peluda!
(Peluda growling)
Look out!
Its spikes are poisonous!
(both grunting)
(dramatic suspenseful music
continues)
(monsters growling)
(fire crackling)
(explosion booming)
(monsters groaning)
- Is that the last of them?
- Took out the ones
closest to us, at least.
(Bell groans)
Huh... Huh?
(Peluda growling)
(Peluda thudding)
(Bell groaning)
Mr. Cranel!
(Bell breathing heavily
and groaning)
(Bell grunts)
(Bell panting)
(Bell groans)
Huh?
(Bell yelling)
(Bell breathing heavily)
(Bell groaning)
No way.
(Bell groaning and
breathing heavily)
(Bell panting)
Is that what I think it is?
- Yeah, it's a Unicorn Horn.
- That item's the single most
effective
at counteracting poison.
I can't believe that someone
made a weapon from it.
- [Bell] Welf's knife
just saved me.
- [Ryu] Mr. Cranel.
- Ah?
- Let's get you patched up.
(gentle music)
There goes the last
potion we had on hand.
We need to find the normal
route and get out of here fast.
The only option we have
left is this one path
that those adventurers
partially mapped out.
The problem is, we don't know
what made them turn back.
Was it because they got a
dose of the Peluda's poison?
(ominous music)
But they would've been
fighting against the clock
in that case.
I find it hard to
believe they'd backtrack.
In that situation,
I would press on ahead.
Which means maybe there was
something on the path ahead
that gave them no choice but to
give up.
- What's our next move, Miss
Ryu?
- We're going to follow the
route written on this map.
(footsteps tapping)
(gentle somber music)
- The path's starting to
become a more uphill climb.
Is your leg holding up?
Should we rest?
- Don't worry, it's fine.
This terrain. I recognize it.
(footsteps tapping)
I don't believe it.
- What is it? Do
you see something?
- Actually, I just figured
out exactly where we are.
Let's climb up these stairs.
If we get past the area ahead,
then we will find
the normal route.
- Are you serious?
Then let's go.
(footsteps tapping)
(Bell gasps)
(dramatic suspenseful music)
(monster growling)
- [Ryu] The Colosseum.
(Ending Song)
- [Ryu] Next time, "Colosseum".